Adding benchmarks (#29)
Optable/match: benchmark/README.md

# Benchmark

> The following graphs show the benchmark results (runtime (in secs)) of running match attempts, using different PSI algorithms, on various Google cloud general-purpose virtual machines (VMs) like n2-standard-32, n2-standard-48, n2-standard-64 and n2-standard-80. For each experiment, same type of VMs are used for both sender and receiver. The match attempts are performed between a fixed receiver dataset of 50m records and variety of sender datasets of 50m, 100m, 150m, 200m and 250m records each. 

Reviewer: Add/embed a link to the machines to show how many cores/ram each machine type has.

Reviewer: I'm also wondering, if the opposite scenario is more appropriate, since a receiver of a match attempt usually have a larger dataset.

Reviewer: I'm also wondering if the opposite scenario is more appropriate since the receiver of a match attempt usually has a larger dataset.

Author: We can discuss this in today's weekly sync-up.

# Benchmarks

> 1) The following graphs show the benchmark results (runtime (in secs)) of running match attempts, using different PSI algorithms, on various Google cloud [general-purpose virtual machines (VMs)](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n2-standard) like n2-standard-32, n2-standard-48, n2-standard-64 and n2-standard-80. For each experiment, same type of VMs are used for both sender and receiver. The graphs are generated by performing  match attempts between a fixed receiver dataset of 50m records and variety of sender datasets of 50m, 100m, 150m, 200m and 250m records each. The bpsi used for these experiments has a fixed false positive rate of 1e-6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) The following graphs show the benchmark results (runtime (in secs)) of running match attempts, using different PSI algorithms, on various Google Cloud VMs [general-purpose virtual machines (VMs)](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n2-standard) like n2-standard-32, n2-standard-48, n2-standard-64 and n2-standard-80. For each experiment, same type of VMs are used for both the sender and the receiver. The graphs are generated by performing match attempts between a receiver with a fixed dataset of 50m records and a sender with datasets of 50m, 100m, 150m, 200m and 250m records. The bpsi used for these experiments has a fixed false positive rate of 1e-6.
```

> 1) The following graphs show the benchmark results (runtime (in secs)) of running match attempts, using different PSI algorithms, on various Google Cloud VMs [general-purpose virtual machines (VMs)](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n2-standard) like n2-standard-32, n2-standard-48, n2-standard-64 and n2-standard-80. For each experiment, same type of VMs are used for both the sender and the receiver. The graphs are generated by performing match attempts between a receiver with a fixed dataset of 50m records and a sender with datasets of 50m, 100m, 150m, 200m and 250m records. The bpsi used for these experiments has a fixed false positive rate of 1e-6.

Reviewer 2: 1) The following graphs show the results of benchmarking match attempts using different PSI algorithms on various Google Cloud VM's [general-purpose virtual machines (VMs)](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n2-standard) like n2-standard-64. In each benchmark, the sender and receiver use the same model VM. The receiver has 50m records while the sender has varying datasets of 50m, 100m, 150m, 200m and 250m records. The bpsi used for these experiments has a false positive rate fixed at 1e-6.

![n2-standard-32](n2-standard-32.png)

![n2-standard-48](n2-standard-48.png)

![n2-standard-64](n2-standard-64.png)

![n2-standard-80](n2-standard-80.png)

> 2) Further, we provide the running times of performing match attempts using different PSI algorithms on n2-standard-64 VMs between a variety of receiver datasets [50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records] and a variety of senders datasets [50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Further, we provide a matrix of the running times of performing match attempts using different PSI algorithms on n2-standard-64 VMs between a receiver and a sender with datasets containing 50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records. The sizes of the receiver's datasets are represented row wise in each of the matrix, and the sizes of the sender's datasets are represented column wise in each of the matrix.
```

> 2) Further, we provide a matrix of the running times of performing match attempts using different PSI algorithms on n2-standard-64 VMs between a receiver and a sender with datasets containing 50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records. The sizes of the receiver's datasets are represented row wise in each of the matrix, and the sizes of the sender's datasets are represented column wise in each of the matrix.

Reviewer 2: The results for match attempts using different PSI algorithms are tabulated below. Both sender and receiver used n2-standard-64 VMS with datasets containing 50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records. The receiver's datasets are represented row-wise while the sender's datasets are represented column-wise.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would replace images of the tables with markdown tables. Also, consider rounding tabulated results to nearest second. The loss of precision will be more than made up for in clarity.

> ![BPSI](BPSI.png)

Reviewer 2: ### BPSI

| Time | 50m       | 100m      | 200m       | 300m       | 400m       | 500m       |
|------|-----------|-----------|------------|------------|------------|------------|
| 50m  | 3m40.871s | 4m51.751s | 7m1.39s    | 9m54.268s  | 12m22.564s | 14m47.489s |
| 100m | 4m19.116s | 5m34.338s | 8m7.047s   | 10m27.214s | 13m3.803s  | 15m7.800s  |
| 200m | 5m21.111s | 6m36.429s | 9m22.027s  | 11m45.495s | 13m54.688s | 16m18.654s |
| 300m | 6m20.213s | 7m47.120s | 10m9.851s  | 12m41.867s | 14m54.998s | 17m56.090s |
| 400m | 7m22.745s | 9m5.974s  | 11m28.298s | 15m16.251s | 17m8.081s  | 18m58.952s |
| 500m | 9m8.694s  | 9m56.361s | 12m59.040s | 15m9.011s  | 17m30.628s | 23m4.067s  |

> ![NPSI](NPSI.png)

Reviewer 2: ## NPSI

| Time | 50m        | 100m       | 200m       | 300m       | 400m       | 500m       |
|------|------------|------------|------------|------------|------------|------------|
| 50m  | 3m54.746s  | 5m5.598s   | 7m54.989s  | 11m11.986s | 13m51.111s | 17m43.524s |
| 100m | 4m59.622s  | 5m58.198s  | 8m30.633s  | 11m54.625s | 14m47.202s | 18m47.238s |
| 200m | 7m59.978s  | 7m47.789s  | 9m17.557s  | 12m51.757s | 15m54.160s | 19m37.822s |
| 300m | 11m39.333s | 11m54.512s | 13m3.563s  | 14m32.386s | 17m23.638s | 20m29.616s |
| 400m | 14m25.192s | 13m55.297s | 14m37.363s | 16m17.420s | 19m43.641s | 22m58.905s |
| 500m | 19m42.987s | 20m13.998s | 20m45.055s | 21m17.043s | 21m13.131s | 22m57.378s |

> ![DHPSI](DHPSI.png)

Reviewer 2: ## DHPSI

| Time | 50m        | 100m       | 200m       | 300m       | 400m       | 500m       |
|------|------------|------------|------------|------------|------------|------------|
| 50m  | 10m49.561s | 14m38.078s | 22m8.186s  | 32m36.295s | 39m42.010s | 51m52.796s |
| 100m | 16m15.364s | 20m17.445s | 28m42.649s | 39m33.315s | 46m12.217s | 55m47.246s |
| 200m | 25m45.710s | 30m6.376s  | 37m51.719s | 46m58.230s | 57m3.256s  | 66m41.272s |
| 300m | 36m37.201s | 40m16.316s | 49m13.270s | 57m31.068s | 70m8.998s  | 75m52.073s |
| 400m | 46m4.736s  | 53m0.616s  | 59m13.592s | 73m1.672s  | 79m54.372s | 87m29.882s |
| 500m | 56m9.451s  | 61m46.098s | 68m59.078s | 79m2.246s  | 86m29.327s | 98m9.844s  |

# Benchmarks

> The following scatter plots show the results of benchmarking match attempts using different PSI algorithms on Google Cloud n2-standard-64 [general-purpose virtual machines (VMs)](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n2-standard). For each benchmark, the sender and receiver use the same model VM. In the first plot, the receiver has 100m records while the sender has varying datasets of 50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records where as in the second plot, the sender's dataset is of 100m records while the receiver has varying datasets of 50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records. The BPSI used for these experiments has a false positive rate fixed at 1e-6. 

Reviewer: > For each benchmark, the sender and receiver use the same model VM.
This makes it sound like the sender and the receiver are run in the same VM, which is not the case.
Do the dataset or records that you call here have an intersection size?

![scatter_fixed_receiver.png](scatter_fixed_receiver.png)

![scatter_fixed_sender.png](scatter_plot_sender_fixed.png)

The results for match attempts using different PSI algorithms are provided below. Both sender and receiver used n2-standard-64 VMs with datasets containing 50m, 100m, 200m, 300m, 400m and 500m records. The receiver's datasets are represented row-wise while the sender's datasets are represented column-wise.

> ![bpsi](heatmap_bpsi.png)

Reviewer: heatmaps look great!
Minor detail, for the x-axis label, you have #Records, but on the scatter plot above, you have #records.
Keep it consistent, or don't include it at all.

Reviewer 3: Unless I am mistaken this looks resolved?

Can we get this merged?  Please also remember to squash the commits.
